[docs-only] Add Release Notes for oCIS release 1.3.0 (#1783)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/release_notes.md

geekdocFilePath: release_notes.md
---

## ownCloud Infinite Scale 1.3.0 Technology Preview

> Version 1.3.0 is regular maintenance and bugfix release. It provides the latest improvements to users and administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.3.0 is a regular maintenance and bugfix release. It provides the latest improvements to users and administrators.
```

### Changes in Reva

> [Reva](https://github.com/cs3org/Reva) is one of the fundamental components of oCIS. It got this significant changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reva](https://github.com/cs3org/Reva) is one of the fundamental components of oCIS. It has these significant changes:
```
